README.md, before:

# Quillmark Web

A web-based playground and utility library for rendering Quillmark templates using `@quillmark-test/wasm`.

This repository contains:
- 🎮 **Interactive Playground** - A demo application for testing Quillmark templates
- 📦 **@quillmark-test/web Library** - Opinionated frontend utilities for integrating Quillmark into your projects

## Features

### Playground Demo
- 🖋️ Interactive markdown editor with live preview
- 📄 Real-time rendering to PDF and SVG formats
- 🎯 Pre-loaded USAF memo template for testing
- 🚀 Fast development with Vite and TypeScript

### Library (`src/lib/`)
- ✅ Opinionated Quill loading from `.zip` files
- ✅ Easy rendering: `renderToBlob()`, `renderToDataUrl()`, `renderToElement()`
- ✅ Full WASM access - re-exports all low-level APIs
- ✅ Type-safe with complete TypeScript definitions
- ✅ Framework agnostic - works with vanilla JS, React, Vue, Svelte, etc.

## Quick Start

### Running the Playground Demo

1. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Start the development server:**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. **Open your browser:**
   Navigate to http://localhost:5173

4. **Try it out:**
   - Edit the markdown in the left panel
   - See real-time SVG preview on the right
   - Click "Download PDF" to get a PDF version

### Using the Library in Your Project

The `@quillmark-test/web` library (in `src/lib/`) provides convenient utilities for working with Quillmark in browser applications.

#### Basic Example: Render to PDF

```typescript
import { Quillmark, fromZip, renderToBlob, downloadArtifact } from './lib';

async function renderDocument() {
  // Load Quill template from zip file
  const response = await fetch('/quills/my-template.zip');
  const zipBlob = await response.blob();
  const quillJson = await fromZip(zipBlob);
  
  // Create engine and register template
  const engine = Quillmark.create();
  engine.registerQuill('my-template', quillJson);
  
  // Render markdown to PDF
  const markdown = '# Hello World\n\nMy first document!';
  const pdfBlob = await renderToBlob(engine, 'my-template', markdown, { format: 'pdf' });
  
  // Download the PDF
  downloadArtifact(pdfBlob, 'output.pdf');
}
```

#### Real-time SVG Preview

```typescript
import { Quillmark, fromZip, renderToElement, debounce } from './lib';

async function setupEditor() {
  const response = await fetch('/quills/letter.zip');
  const zipBlob = await response.blob();
  const quillJson = await fromZip(zipBlob);
  
  const engine = Quillmark.create();
  engine.registerQuill('letter', quillJson);
  
  const editor = document.querySelector('#editor');
  const preview = document.querySelector('#preview');
  
  // Update preview as user types (debounced)
  editor.addEventListener('input', debounce(async () => {
    await renderToElement(engine, 'letter', editor.value, preview, { format: 'svg' });
  }, 300));
}
```

See [`src/lib/README.md`](src/lib/README.md) for complete API documentation.

## Project Structure

```
quillmark-web/
├── src/
│   ├── main.ts              # Playground demo entry point
│   └── lib/                 # @quillmark-test/web library
│       ├── index.ts         # Main exports
│       ├── loaders.ts       # Quill loading utilities (fromZip)
│       ├── renderers.ts     # Rendering helpers
│       ├── utils.ts         # Utility functions
│       ├── types.ts         # TypeScript definitions
│       └── README.md        # Library documentation
├── public/
│   ├── quills/              # Quill zip files
│   │   └── usaf_memo.zip    # USAF memo template
│   └── usaf_memo/           # Legacy: unzipped template files
├── designs/                 # Design documents
│   ├── WEB_LIB_DESIGN.md   # Library architecture
│   └── WASM_DESIGN.md      # WASM API design
├── index.html              # Playground HTML
├── vite.config.ts          # Vite configuration
└── package.json            # Dependencies and scripts
```

## How It Works

The playground demonstrates the complete Quillmark workflow:

1. **Load Quill Template**: Uses `fromZip()` to load the USAF memo template from `/public/quills/usaf_memo.zip`

2. **Initialize Engine**: Creates a Quillmark WASM engine instance with `Quillmark.create()`

3. **Register Template**: Registers the Quill with `engine.registerQuill(name, quillJson)`

4. **Render Content**: 
   - Real-time SVG preview using `renderToElement()`
   - PDF download using `renderToBlob()` + `downloadArtifact()`

## Quill JSON Contract

Quill templates follow the Quillmark JSON contract format:

```javascript
{
  name: 'usaf_memo',
  'Quill.toml': { contents: '...' },
  'glue.typ': { contents: '...' },
  'assets': {
    'font.otf': { contents: [137, 80, 78, 71, ...] }  // Binary files as number arrays
  },
  'packages': {
    'my-package': {
      'lib.typ': { contents: '...' }
    }
  }
}
```

Key points:
- Root object contains file tree structure
- Text files have `contents` as strings
- Binary files have `contents` as number arrays
- Nested directories are nested objects
- Must contain `Quill.toml` at the root

## Technologies

- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)** - Fast build tool and dev server
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)** - Type-safe JavaScript
- **[@quillmark-test/wasm](https://github.com/quillmark)** - WebAssembly bindings for Quillmark
- **[fflate](https://github.com/101arrowz/fflate)** - Fast zip file extraction
- **vite-plugin-wasm** - WASM support for Vite
- **vite-plugin-top-level-await** - Top-level await support

## Building for Production

```bash
# Build the playground
npm run build

# Preview the production build locally
npm run preview
```

The built files will be in the `dist/` directory and can be deployed to any static hosting service.

## Screenshots

### PDF Rendering
![PDF Rendering](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/50981065-18bc-4f36-b5ae-4522e3e04643)

### SVG Rendering
![SVG Rendering](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c7648623-0056-457d-b52e-ca12c89ed571)

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for development guidelines.

## License

Apache License 2.0 - See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Update prerequisites in documentation and configuration files to require Node.js 20.0.0+ and npm 10.0.0+

README.md, after:

# Quillmark Web

A web-based playground and utility library for rendering Quillmark templates using `@quillmark-test/wasm`.

This repository contains:
- 🎮 **Interactive Playground** - A demo application for testing Quillmark templates
- 📦 **@quillmark-test/web Library** - Opinionated frontend utilities for integrating Quillmark into your projects

## Features

### Playground Demo
- 🖋️ Interactive markdown editor with live preview
- 📄 Real-time rendering to PDF and SVG formats
- 🎯 Pre-loaded USAF memo template for testing
- 🚀 Fast development with Vite and TypeScript

### Library (`src/lib/`)
- ✅ Opinionated Quill loading from `.zip` files
- ✅ Easy rendering: `renderToBlob()`, `renderToDataUrl()`, `renderToElement()`
- ✅ Full WASM access - re-exports all low-level APIs
- ✅ Type-safe with complete TypeScript definitions
- ✅ Framework agnostic - works with vanilla JS, React, Vue, Svelte, etc.

## Prerequisites

- **Node.js**: Version 20.0.0 or higher
- **npm**: Version 10.0.0 or higher

## Quick Start

### Running the Playground Demo

1. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Start the development server:**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. **Open your browser:**
   Navigate to http://localhost:5173

4. **Try it out:**
   - Edit the markdown in the left panel
   - See real-time SVG preview on the right
   - Click "Download PDF" to get a PDF version

### Using the Library in Your Project

The `@quillmark-test/web` library (in `src/lib/`) provides convenient utilities for working with Quillmark in browser applications.

#### Basic Example: Render to PDF

```typescript
import { Quillmark, fromZip, renderToBlob, downloadArtifact } from './lib';

async function renderDocument() {
  // Load Quill template from zip file
  const response = await fetch('/quills/my-template.zip');
  const zipBlob = await response.blob();
  const quillJson = await fromZip(zipBlob);
  
  // Create engine and register template
  const engine = Quillmark.create();
  engine.registerQuill('my-template', quillJson);
  
  // Render markdown to PDF
  const markdown = '# Hello World\n\nMy first document!';
  const pdfBlob = await renderToBlob(engine, 'my-template', markdown, { format: 'pdf' });
  
  // Download the PDF
  downloadArtifact(pdfBlob, 'output.pdf');
}
```

#### Real-time SVG Preview

```typescript
import { Quillmark, fromZip, renderToElement, debounce } from './lib';

async function setupEditor() {
  const response = await fetch('/quills/letter.zip');
  const zipBlob = await response.blob();
  const quillJson = await fromZip(zipBlob);
  
  const engine = Quillmark.create();
  engine.registerQuill('letter', quillJson);
  
  const editor = document.querySelector('#editor');
  const preview = document.querySelector('#preview');
  
  // Update preview as user types (debounced)
  editor.addEventListener('input', debounce(async () => {
    await renderToElement(engine, 'letter', editor.value, preview, { format: 'svg' });
  }, 300));
}
```

See [`src/lib/README.md`](src/lib/README.md) for complete API documentation.

## Project Structure

```
quillmark-web/
├── src/
│   ├── main.ts              # Playground demo entry point
│   └── lib/                 # @quillmark-test/web library
│       ├── index.ts         # Main exports
│       ├── loaders.ts       # Quill loading utilities (fromZip)
│       ├── renderers.ts     # Rendering helpers
│       ├── utils.ts         # Utility functions
│       ├── types.ts         # TypeScript definitions
│       └── README.md        # Library documentation
├── public/
│   ├── quills/              # Quill zip files
│   │   └── usaf_memo.zip    # USAF memo template
│   └── usaf_memo/           # Legacy: unzipped template files
├── designs/                 # Design documents
│   ├── WEB_LIB_DESIGN.md   # Library architecture
│   └── WASM_DESIGN.md      # WASM API design
├── index.html              # Playground HTML
├── vite.config.ts          # Vite configuration
└── package.json            # Dependencies and scripts
```

## How It Works

The playground demonstrates the complete Quillmark workflow:

1. **Load Quill Template**: Uses `fromZip()` to load the USAF memo template from `/public/quills/usaf_memo.zip`

2. **Initialize Engine**: Creates a Quillmark WASM engine instance with `Quillmark.create()`

3. **Register Template**: Registers the Quill with `engine.registerQuill(name, quillJson)`

4. **Render Content**: 
   - Real-time SVG preview using `renderToElement()`
   - PDF download using `renderToBlob()` + `downloadArtifact()`

## Quill JSON Contract

Quill templates follow the Quillmark JSON contract format:

```javascript
{
  name: 'usaf_memo',
  'Quill.toml': { contents: '...' },
  'glue.typ': { contents: '...' },
  'assets': {
    'font.otf': { contents: [137, 80, 78, 71, ...] }  // Binary files as number arrays
  },
  'packages': {
    'my-package': {
      'lib.typ': { contents: '...' }
    }
  }
}
```

Key points:
- Root object contains file tree structure
- Text files have `contents` as strings
- Binary files have `contents` as number arrays
- Nested directories are nested objects
- Must contain `Quill.toml` at the root

## Technologies

- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)** - Fast build tool and dev server
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)** - Type-safe JavaScript
- **[@quillmark-test/wasm](https://github.com/quillmark)** - WebAssembly bindings for Quillmark
- **[fflate](https://github.com/101arrowz/fflate)** - Fast zip file extraction
- **vite-plugin-wasm** - WASM support for Vite
- **vite-plugin-top-level-await** - Top-level await support

## Building for Production

```bash
# Build the playground
npm run build

# Preview the production build locally
npm run preview
```

The built files will be in the `dist/` directory and can be deployed to any static hosting service.

## Screenshots

### PDF Rendering
![PDF Rendering](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/50981065-18bc-4f36-b5ae-4522e3e04643)

### SVG Rendering
![SVG Rendering](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c7648623-0056-457d-b52e-ca12c89ed571)

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for development guidelines.

## License

Apache License 2.0 - See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
