templates/af8_fry.md, before:

---
SCOPE: af8
# Metadata
examinee:
  last: Fry
  first: Phillip
  middle: J.
  grade: SrA
# Section 1
dod_id: 1999123101
date_completed: 3000-01-01
eligibility_period: 4000-01-01
organization: Planet Express
location: New New York
mds: F-9000
crew_position: Delivery Boy
# Section 2
requisite_info:
  - requisite: expendable
    date: 3000-01-01
    results: Q1
  - requisite: good attitude
    date: 3000-01-01
    results: Q1
# Section 3
eval_info:
  - evaluation: I'm laying you all off, effective immediately. Except you, Fry. You're fired.
    date: 3000-01-01
  - evaluation: Oh, Fry. I love you, but you're a man. And a stupid man at that.
    date: 3000-01-01
  - evaluation: Of all the friends I've had... you're the first.
    date: 3000-01-01
# Section 4
qual_level:
  qualified: 
  unqualified: X
  expiration: 3000-01-01
# Section 5
addi_training:
  due_dates: 3000-01-01
  completed_dates: 3000-01-01
  certifying: Turanga Leela, Capt, Planet Express
# Section 6
other:
  restrictions: true
  eq: false
  downgrade: true
# Section 7
flight_examiner:
  name: Capt Turanga Leela
  org: Planet Express
  concur: false
  remarks: true
reviewing_officer:
  name: Hermes Conrad
  org: Planet Express
  concur: false
final_officer:
  name: Professor Farnsworth
  org: Planet Express
  concur: true
# Section 9
comments:
  restrictions: You're fired
  #exceptionally_qualified:
examiner_remarks:
  mission_description: Delivering packages to all points in the universe.
  discrepancies: |
    Your delivery times are consistently late.
    You smell like burning hair.
    I'm sure you did your best, which is to say you failed miserably
    Maybe you should stick to the one thing you're good at - nothing
  addi_training: You need to learn how to not be you
  addi_comments: None
reviewing_remarks: None
final_remarks: None
addi_reviews: None
---

Commit message:

Squashed 'tonguetoquill-collection/' changes from 7ee3e5a..e75fe3c
e75fe3c Update usaf_form_8 samples

git-subtree-dir: tonguetoquill-collection
git-subtree-split: e75fe3c6b33cde530821a1499ff06f18ab91bfa9

templates/af8_fry.md, after:

---
QUILL: usaf_form_8
# Metadata
examinee:
  last: Fry
  first: Phillip
  middle: J.
  grade: SrA
# Section 1
dod_id: 1999123101
date_completed: 3000-01-01
eligibility_period: 4000-01-01
organization: Planet Express
location: New New York
mds: F-9000
crew_position: Delivery Boy
# Section 2
requisite_info:
  - requisite: expendable
    date: 3000-01-01
    results: Q1
  - requisite: good attitude
    date: 3000-01-01
    results: Q1
  - requisite: works for below min. wage
    date: 3000-01-01
    results: Q1
  - requisite: no family to notify
    date: 3000-01-01
    results: Q1
  - requisite: will not sue
    date: 3000-01-01
    results: Q1
  - requisite: common sense
    date: 3000-09-01
    results: Q3
  - requisite: basic literacy
    date: 3000-09-01
    results: Q3
  - requisite: ability to stay awake
    date: 3000-09-01
    results: Q3
# Section 3
eval_info:
  - evaluation: I'm laying you all off, effective immediately. Except you, Fry. You're fired.
    date: 3000-01-01
  - evaluation: Oh, Fry. I love you, but you're a man. And a stupid man at that.
    date: 3000-01-01
  - evaluation: Of all the friends I've had... you're the first.
    date: 3000-01-01
# Section 4
qual_level:
  qualified: 
  unqualified: X
  expiration: 3000-01-01
# Section 5
addi_training:
  due_dates: 3000-01-01
  completed_dates: 3000-01-01
  certifying: Turanga Leela, Capt, Planet Express
# Section 6
other:
  restrictions: true
  eq: false
  downgrade: true
# Section 7
flight_examiner:
  name: Capt Turanga Leela
  org: Planet Express
  concur: false
  remarks: true
reviewing_officer:
  name: Hermes Conrad
  org: Planet Express
  concur: false
final_officer:
  name: Professor Farnsworth
  org: Planet Express
  concur: true
# Section 9
comments:
  restrictions: You're fired
  #exceptionally_qualified:
examiner_remarks:
  mission_description: Delivering packages to all points in the universe.
  discrepancies: "Fry, we need to talk about your performance. Again. Your delivery times are consistently late - and I mean *consistently*. Every single package arrives after the guaranteed delivery window, which means I have to spend half my day apologizing to angry customers while you stand there with that vacant expression asking if we can stop for pizza. This isn't a joyride through the galaxy. This is a business, and you're single-handedly destroying our reputation one tardy delivery at a time.\n\nAnd while we're on the subject, you smell like burning hair. I don't know what you're doing in your spare time, and honestly I don't want to know, but it's affecting the whole crew. Bender actually complained about a smell, Fry. *Bender*. A robot who stores week-old sandwiches in his chest cavity said you're making the ship uninhabitable. Whatever you're burning, stop burning it. Or at least shower afterwards.\n\nLook, I'm sure you did your best, which is to say you failed miserably. I've tried to be patient. I've tried to work with your... limitations. But at this point, maybe you should stick to the one thing you're good at - nothing. Actually, scratch that. You're not even good at nothing. You somehow manage to make nothing worse just by being near it."
  addi_training: You need to learn how to not be you
  addi_comments: None
reviewing_remarks: None
final_remarks: None
addi_reviews: None
---
